Transcribed Text: 
play watching Sky News today it's now been two weeks since you claimed began its cross-border offensive against Russia ... defense and security analyst professor ... ... ... there's map of Ukraine and here there's The Enclave in yellow up there that's where the Ukraine is doing really well moving into curse on a 30-mile front by about 20 miles deep and that may get considerably bigger quite quickly so undoubtedly the Ukraine is doing very well there they've shocked Everybody by their ability to do it put 300 miles away this is where they may not be paying the price for that success because of the forces that they've moved away should I don't on the ukrainians have been under tremendous pressure here for the for several months but the pressure is now becoming really intolerable to rescue which is quite a small place but it's important because it's near to add procrastinar is important because that is The High Ground control the movement towards Kravitz lavian ... the Costco's important because it's a transport controls movements North and Westwood ... so the ukrainians already moving people out of the cross ... looks like the Prelude to a battle that will probably leave the place in absolute ruins at the end of whatever 60,000 people in picross very cornhole industrial Town very tragic second world war history and now those people are being moved away so the ukrainians are obviously preparing to either to lose it or to fight a slow battle before they lose it and that's the problem that they have in the South here they're struggling to maintain their hold on the area and as a safe travel all the two really important places symbolically so but these two places if the Russians get them time to get the hold of the dumbass the other bit that they don't control they control about 2/3 of the Don ... ... how do you say get that before the winter which I'm sure is what Putin would like to do there's a chance a chance to put you must say okay we'll see on this we'll have negotiations on this basis goodbye maybe 2 years of Peace before he comes back for the next chunk which will be to try to take Odessa try to actually get the whole of Ukraine at some point ... the key areas at the moment on the ukrainians run the real pressure in the South and that may be the price they're paying ... France are intimately related to each other ... 
\Summarization: 
The text discusses the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, with Ukraine making significant advances in the south but facing pressure from Russian forces. The strategic importance of certain areas and the potential for further conflict are highlighted, with the possibility of negotiations and a temporary peace before further Russian aggression. The situation is described as putting Ukraine under significant pressure.